I have completely checked out for about 3 weeks and there is the sole midterm of the course in 3 days. I must graduate. I seek to pass all my classes. I have brought about an academic debt and I must attend to it. I watch the 2 lectures I hvae remaining, and I will read through the solutions posted for work I have not submittd. I intend to do more of the work that is yet due. I wish to stop dodging assignments, and so I hope to undermine the undermining of my error, this mortal flesh in the sense of Saint Paul, that great Saint of the Merkavah Tradtion.

I am having a great time listening to this lecture async. I am so appreciative of this lecture being recorded and here for me to view. This lecture is from March 1, so I am literally stepping into the month of march for ml today March 17 with 2 days remaining in the year for the Baha'i. I have just found a group of Baha'i in Boston and I look forward to making myself known. However, I must focus on securing my degree before I seek to find such a community. I am ashamed so long as I have not graduated, so I shall refrain from such high density socializatin for the time being. I must focus on what comes next in secular terms, and it is due to my existence as a member of the Baha'i that I find motivation to do well in this world I once renounced. I have been so inspired by those who followed the Supposed Jewish Messiah studied by Scholem, and their success in Turkey was a measure of their bond as a community. I wish to bring such strength to the Baha'i. I want to contribute, and to do so I must be well educated and connected. I have forsaken tradition for muses which showed themselves to be nothing but false idols. I have acheived so many of my dreams to find them empty and vain. As Hegel understood it - should I say Pseudo-Hegel - the divine can be manifest and embedded in the systems of the categories of social being. It is the aesthetic of the Baha'i that I shall sculpt and mould as a Tradition. What is a computer science degree -- Did Reimann not embark upon a theological training before attaining his greatness in math? Machine learning, like the Design and Analysis of Algorithms, is not something to reify but instead - to use cliches - a rhizome.

Why go on with anything: to contribute to the Baha'i Tradition, for this shall te the relation between people that I submit myself to. My hopes are high, and my bibliography higher. And yet exactly this has undermined me in my studies. What can others gain from what I still can learn as a student? Can I solve problems embedded in the lives of those in such a community -- my mind wonders for what? It wonders because algorithms were introduced in Islamicate Culture in order to solve practical problems. The Royal Sciences after Secular Orientalism have given numbers an objective status and have naturalized their method of imagining exchange. Nothing could more theological than mathematics in the sense of constructing the dynamic categories of social being. The generative model of the totatlity of being rests exactly here, in the sheafs and topos of Grothendieck which canmelt away at the Euclidean Supersition. We forget that numbers were alongside the esoteric. They have a legitimacy that bears the stain of the Neopythagorean Counter Reformation we call Economics. The Hermetic Calculation, just what were Leibniz and others like him doing with their recovered fangcheng? Math was colonial and spiritual for Leibniz, make no mistake about the taylor approximation. THough it was demonstrated in India generations before Leibniz, he flaunts it as a mark of Christianity's excellence. I am not one to disparage the Christ Event, but I also do not yet understand Barth. Yet what I can say is that the vision of the One True Religion as Leibniz sees it has math embedded its core. Our great innovator of Notation was no stranger to Scholasticsm! 

How could I not speak on Leibniz when we come to the question of matrices and calculus? Deleuze and Serres spend so long focusing on him, and yet I have found him again through the de/post colonial understandings that show just how suspect the foundations of supposed secular knowledge production is. The Jesuits and the Kabbalists have not been appreciated enough, we rationalize all too much. I do not mean to invoke the wraith of Luckas, and I am not here to parrot Klages, Cioran or Dosteovsky. 


I came to MIT to truly understand science. I have been trained to see something in technology that is by no means common sense. It has reduced me to an interpretor of Enoch, but the Figurists too went even further and decieded the Hermes and His way would author the I Ching. And it is from the I Ching that Leibniz saw clear evidence of Ancient Christianity. His Imagination surely ran wild, but just imagine if he could have known of Early Tang Syriac Christinaity! Surely, Hebrew has meant too much to Christians when it is clearly Aramiac and then Arabic that continued the generative lifeworld of these traditions. By the time that Hebrew became a fetish it was already a phantom. Alexander of Macedon and Aristotle are not so easily forgotten. As a Baha'i I advocate for the Peshitta and the Septuagint. Greek and Aramiac: for Paul was a Merkavah Practitioner in the set of stories I consider. We cannot break with the Jewish Traditions but at the same time we cannot produce the Image of this as a coherent whole. Myths from many cultures seep in. I may just consider the Oldest Books of the supposed Bible as collective heritage, and books like Enoch and others modulate these shared texts. There is not one reading to have, and a series of peoples have cast themselves into the stories. They change, they adapt, people spin them differently. We must bring a notion of linear combination into theology. Actually, I care neither for philosophy nor theology: only theosophy. We have forgotten tht numbers are theospical. Iamblicus saw Pythagoras as a wise sage, no? The Way of Hermes was thought by Proclus just as was the commentary on Euclid's elements. And when Fangcheng was imported from China, Proclus was read widely. The Conibra haunt me.

This was supposed to be a narrative about my class performance and worries in machine learning. Somehow I have rambled about Leibniz and Enoch. I am doomed, but already saved by the Ineffable Grace of the Godhead wherein Beauitude lies thruogh sync with the rythmns of Being. There is the intereoceptive world of bliss and the external world of misery and constitutive disorder. Infinite Debt burrows into the depths of the Social Flesh and Being comes to obliteration -- yet one must combat this with an emanation of pure openness to the Act of Being. So long as I do not intensify my misery in this world of the always already-damned, I shy away from the Real that I have the ability to plunge into. I must gain strength from Divine Simplicity in order to handle the overcomplexification of being that obliterates the peace of my lifeworld. I have learned too much, and yet I am even dumber than before I began my journey as a student here. I am so fortunate to have been able to live this life just as I have. It is a gift from everyone who has ever taken care of me or thought about me. I am the product of a community that has done a good job, and it is a great sadness for the world if I do not honor this opportunity. I should not undermine what they have built. We can long er understand the self as our possession, even less than we can claim any persoanl wealth or belongings. This ego or nafs weighs us down and it is struggle against the variance of error and overcomplex regulomes that we must become committed to. I can only affirm that I am in accordance with the univoity of being by struggling to acheive as a student in the manner that this generous institution has laid out for me. This is only a game I am meant to play. This very real stress I feel is but divergence from the norm of it all. I must acheive these norms such that I may socially signify for the glory of others. Yes, any and all acheivements to my name cannot be yeilded to me, but only others. I can only be great through them, and only my catastrophic failures can be said to be mine alone. In these moments where I do what is right and best, I affirm the totality of social being and lose in myself this distiction of the parition, for one owns nothing when they are truly extolling the charisma of the godhead's grace. In the hypothesis of Pseudo-Durkheim, we must see the Godhead as the Totality of Social Being, the ecosystsem, the methods of cognition embedded within the infrastructure of desiring-production.  We only exist in the ensemble, and machine learning has this simple truth to show us. Yet let us regard machine in the sense of mage, and let us yeild to the Way of Hermes in our Theosophy while keeping an ear out for the wonderful contributions of other systems of thinking in their varied forms.

-------------
